So far so good.
We know what is the online success as well as the internal success.
However there is also a tiny issue with internal success.
Now what would be the issue.
Well we are lacking flexibility for multiple pages and I think it is going to be easier for me to show
you.
Then again to talk about it for let's say half an hour or so we need to create another page and I'm
gonna say there's going to be new file I'm going to call this page about the email and again we're gonna
have to get some kind of structure.
So I'm gonna say that first of all I would like to get the basic email structure so let me delete this
and let's say they're all gonna be looking for again some kind of writing ones I'd say having one and
we can do the same thing Hello World and let's copy and paste it and maybe let's also add the heading
to just so we're staying consistent.
Now we're all gonna say hello.
People just like we did before and let's copy let's say three lines.
So first of all I would obviously like to see on my about page is going to look and here maybe let's
add another title just so we know that this is gonna be about page and how much write it entitled.
This isn't about page and you know what.
Let's also write away set up to link is that way we can navigate much more easier.
So I'm gonna say somewhere within my index page the indexation email all the way in the top we're gonna
say that there is gonna be a link.
The link is gonna go to about the next page or about the email page and let's just say about page.
Now I can do the same link in the about page just so we can navigate back.
So we're gonna head over to my about page and instead of about the email I was gonna write indexation
email and let's just change this to a homepage.
So again we're just setting up easy navigation just so we don't have to deal with whatever tabs here.
So let's say here we're going to get rid of this.
We're going to save it.
And now I have my about page link.
Now if I head over to about page what do I see.
Well I see that there is pretty much three having once and then the heading to.
But obviously all of them are not stop.
So I would have to stop.
Well the easy way would be well I mean it's very simple.
We're just going to grab the style tags we're going to copy and paste them here.
I'm not gonna say that somewhere again within the head element within the about page.
We're going to copy and paste them.
Sure enough I have my stop.
So everything is working really nice but let's say I don't know next day or next hour or whatever.
Sometime after I have created this initial start I changed my mind and I say you know what.
This chocolate colour doesn't really look good so let's say if we're gonna head over to my homepage
I'm going to say you know what I would like to change this.
And I would like to change this to green again.
No specific reason this is just how I feel.
Now what happens though I would like to change the heading ones to all my pages to the next page about
page let's say there is gonna be contact page or whatever.
Then other thousand pages.
Now what happens though.
I go to about email.
What do I see.
You think this is gonna be green or this is gonna be still chocolate well I'm gonna go out here on a
limb and say that this is still gonna be chocolate because within this page where I was styling it as
a chocolate.
So that is probably an issue.
I mean changing one color is no big deal.
But imagine that in general with your styles you're gonna have I don't know thousand lines of code five
hundred lines of code even 30 lines of code.
So what are you going to do each time you're gonna change your mind to some kind of property or the
value you're gonna be jumping all through your pages and changing it.
And what for example happens if you forget what kind of style you need to change.
So then you're gonna have to scour through and I don't know compare them or do something like this now.
Again that doesn't sound very productive to me.
So there has to be a better option.
Okay.
In order to show you the better option first of all let's get rid of these styles.
We don't need them for now we're just gonna get rid of the internal CSF.
Now within the about page as well as the index page.
So let's say we're gonna have no internal success so we're just gonna go again back to the basic H.S.
mold that we already worked before.
Now that better way would be a external CSX.
Now in order to create the external success we would first need to create the CSX file.
Now we can name our CSX file.
However we would like but similarly how we had with index when we needed to have this HDMI extension
the same works we had CSX.
So here if I'm gonna say let's say Stiles CSX and again you can name this Bobby CSX it doesn't really
matter.
There's just some conventions where you say main CSX or styles it says something that would actually
reflect that.
This is something to do with Stiles but the most important thing is here to CSX extension you always
always need to have it if you want to use it the CSA.
Now here again we can write the stars.
Now again let's remember what we had.
So let's say had one and having one let's have just a simple color and let's look for some kind of color
so I could go.
I don't know.
Crimson something like this so I'm not going to add any more font size.
I think it's we already have covered this.
But let's say for I think three.
And then when I say cover this I mean we don't need to add it right now we'll going to cover the syntax.
That doesn't mean that I'm not going to cover what is the font size.
Just as a side note and let's say if we're heading to we're going to add another color let's say color
and I'm going to look this time for yellow.
So I'm going to save the file and surprise surprise.
Nothing happens.
You might be wondering well this dude doesn't know what he's talking about.
We just had a perfectly working CSX and now he just ruined everything.
He deleted it.
He created some funky CSI style and nothing is work.
Well please just wait.
If we're gonna head over to indexation IMHO.
And again within the head element please don't place it somewhere else within the hell it element.
We all gonna have to create a link now with them and if I just type a link notice I'm getting all these
options here.
So what I can do is I can select C assessment which is going to give me right away everything that I'm
looking for.
Now it might be funky sometimes if you have multiple actual files so be careful.
It's gonna give you something automatically.
So again let me head over back with command Zee.
So undo what we just did and instead of maybe see assess we can just look for basic link.
So let me again get me suggestions and within the link notice we're getting the link tag now the link
tag is not going to have a closing tag however we are getting this relationship attribute and this is
gonna point to the story.
So we're saying we would want to link this page to a stat sheet.
Now this is where we would need to go with the path.
And again we have covered this already in nation email where we can have let's say the simple path and
just say styles CFS or we can obviously add here the DOT and such.
And again this is where we're looking within the folder now up to this point is not going to matter
which one you use.
Like I said before later on as you're using the react or node this will gonna matter.
So you might as well get used to it right away.
The actual relative path.
But anyway let's just stay with a simple example and let's say we're looking for stiles Yes knock.
So I'm looking right now and I don't see anything.
The reason why I don't see anything that if I'm actually in the index page where I'm sorry about page
I'm obviously not going to be able to see that.
However if I'm gonna click on the index page so I'm currently at the index page.
Check this out.
So I have all my styles read for one as well as I mean it's annoying probably.
So this was probably a bad choice.
Let's pick another color.
Let's say that we're going to be looking for this guy.
Maybe this is going to be a little bit friendlier too high.
And now we have this scattered blue for my heading to.
OK.
So this is already a good start.
Now what about the about page.
Now we will have to do with the same thing that I had over back to the about page.
I'm going to create a link.
Now again this link is going to have to be the actual element with the relationship attribute that going
to have the value of stat sheet as well as the nature of attribute with where this is located.
And remember and whenever we working with links we're also using this feature attribute.
Check this out just like this here.
So the same way would work over here.
Again we're going to point to the same thing and I'm sorry not main CSX but styles.
Yes.
So once we save it notice what happened.
So if I'm gonna go to a about Page what do you think I'm going to have here.
If we're working more I'm sorry if we're looking at this correctly we noticed that both of them are
exactly the same.
So we have been successful.
Now what does that mean to us.
Well that means that if I'm gonna go here back to the Stiles to assess and if I'm gonna change this
and let's say if I'm gonna go back to I don't know like regular bull color on both pages not only the
about page but also the home page.
These styles are gonna work.
So you can see already how much more productive This is where we can right away work with multiple pages
again.
Let's add maybe a font size font size and let's say this is gonna be for our rams and right away on
both pages and again the last time let me show you that.
This really works on both pages.
They are working so we know we have been successful.
So in general this is going to make your life much more easier if you're using the external sources.
Now one last point that I would like to cover though is this part in a lot of times.
Whenever you're working your styles are going to be in fact in a separate folder because you're going
to have multiple files within your root directory as well as you're going to have multiple CSX.
And it's not a good idea I just have all these files here.
So what you would do in most cases and we're not going to do this throughout the tutorial but throughout
the project we're going to have the folder and then within the folder what's called this folder.
And again it just makes sense leave the folder is gonna be as us and let's grab and copy and paste this
stuff.
Now the moment we do that notice we don't have our styles anymore because the relative path or path
in general matters.
It does matter where you're pointing where it is a reference point.
So let's fix this let's say for relaxation email again we need to look for to see a says folder first.
So I'm going to say we're looking for to see assess and then we're looking for styles.
And again as a side note this is also going to work.
So if I'm gonna say for indexation AML I would have to look for C assessed folder and then more styles
it says now everything is working fine.
And again this is going to work the same way if we're using the relative.
Now let's also check it out in the about the amount.
Again we just need to point to see assess folder and then within the assessors folder we have the style.
Yes.
And this is that we can start using the external stat sheet in our C assess project.